README.md, before:

# Ricardo Marcelo Alvarez
**email**: rmalvarezkai[at]gmail[dot]com

## Areas of Knowledge
- Managing virtualization systems with **KVM** and **XEN** in Production since 2009.
- Managing databases **PostgreSQL** and **MySQL** since 2004.
- Good knowledge of **Javascript**, **PHP**, **HTML**, **Python** and **Bash**.
- Basic knowledge about **Blockchain**.
- Basic knowledge of creating **Debian** packages and repositories.
- Knowledge about building **Android APPS** with **Apache** **Cordova**.
- Basic knowledge of **Docker**

## Professional Experience
[GNUtransfer](https://www.gnutransfer.com) – SySAdmin, DBA, software developer, (May 2005 – Present)

Developer of the control panel ([VPSControl](https://www.vps-control.com/)) for managing virtual machines with **KVM** and **XEN**. Using **PHP**
on the backend and **HTML**, **Javascript** on the frontend.

Work for the government (Argentina) - SySAdmin, DBA (March 1995 - April 2006)
Migrate servers from proprietary software to free software (Linux, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Postfix, among
others).

## Languages
English (basic), Spanish (native)

[comment]: <> (____PDF_NEXT_PAGE____)
## Hobbies

- Electronics with arduino.
- Develop python modules for crypto exchanges
    - Ccxw \- CryptoCurrency eXchange Websocket Library 
        - [Ccxw on github](https://github.com/rmalvarezkai/ccxw)
        - [Ccxw on PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/ccxw)

[Download this file in pdf format (RESUME)](resume-latest.pdf)

Commit message:

Added Ehdtd proyect to resume

README.md, after:

# Ricardo Marcelo Alvarez
**email**: rmalvarezkai[at]gmail[dot]com

## Areas of Knowledge
- Managing virtualization systems with **KVM** and **XEN** in Production since 2009.
- Managing databases **PostgreSQL** and **MySQL** since 2004.
- Good knowledge of **Javascript**, **PHP**, **HTML**, **Python** and **Bash**.
- Basic knowledge about **Blockchain**.
- Basic knowledge of creating **Debian** packages and repositories.
- Knowledge about building **Android APPS** with **Apache** **Cordova**.
- Basic knowledge of **Docker**

## Professional Experience
[GNUtransfer](https://www.gnutransfer.com) – SySAdmin, DBA, software developer, (May 2005 – Present)

Developer of the control panel ([VPSControl](https://www.vps-control.com/)) for managing virtual machines with **KVM** and **XEN**. Using **PHP**
on the backend and **HTML**, **Javascript** on the frontend.

Work for the government (Argentina) - SySAdmin, DBA (March 1995 - April 2006)
Migrate servers from proprietary software to free software (Linux, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Postfix, among
others).

## Languages
English (basic), Spanish (native)

[comment]: <> (____PDF_NEXT_PAGE____)
## Hobbies

- Electronics with arduino.
- Develop python modules for crypto exchanges
    - Ccxw \- CryptoCurrency eXchange Websocket Library 
        - [Ccxw on github](https://github.com/rmalvarezkai/ccxw)
        - [Ccxw on PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/ccxw)

    - Ehdtd \- CryptoCurrency Exchange history data to database 
        - [Ehdtd on github](https://github.com/rmalvarezkai/ehdtd)
        - [Ehdtd on PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/ehdtd)

[Download this file in pdf format (RESUME)](resume-latest.pdf)
